lib/promrelabel: show error message if labels not in prometheus exposition format (#4304)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): fix performance issue when migrating data from VictoriaMetrics according to [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html#migrating-data-from-victoriametrics). Add the ability to speed up the data migration via `--vm-native-disable-retries` command-line flag. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4092).
* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation.html): fix bug with duplicated labels during stream aggregation via single-node VictoriaMetrics. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4277).
* BUGFIX: [csvimport](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-import-csv-data): properly parse [csv line](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-import-csv-data) when value in the last column is empty. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4048).

> * BUGFIX: [relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/relabeling.html): show an error message if the user tries to use labels in relabeling the playground, which does not represent Prometheus exposition format. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4284).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/relabeling.html): properly validate labels input on Metric Relabel Debug page in VMUI. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4284).
```

Author: fixed
